INTMDB-655: PAK Resource Updates + Doc Cleanup + Deprecation Warnings (#1208)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/atlas-api-key/create-and-assign-pak-together/README.md

# MongoDB Atlas Provider -- Create and Assign PAK together
This example creates a project API Key and access list showing how to attach cidr_block.

Variables Required to be set:
- `project_id`: ID of the Atlas project
- `org_id`: ID of Atlas organization
- `public_key`: Atlas public key
- `private_key`: Atlas  private key

> For this example, we will setup project api key and attach access list to it.

Reviewer: Suggestion copied from above
```suggestion
This example creates a project API Key and access list, showing how to attach a CIDR block.

Variables Required to be set:
- `project_id`: ID of the Atlas project
- `org_id`: ID of Atlas organization
- `public_key`: Atlas public key
- `private_key`: Atlas  private key

In this example, we will set up a project API key and attach an access list to it.
```
